dee
archive
Is a monthly Sagan Tosu and small unit's thank you from here thank you
I will
It was a tough fight in May, right ?
The league match fought six games in May
This season's largest 20,792 people packed in Beasta
Vissel Kobe match draws 1 to 1
The following Shimizu S-Pulse match Matsumoto Yamada fc match is a draw while allowing the lead
I brought in
In the following enemy area Nagoya Grandpas match, it is forward near the end
Yohei Toyoda scored the final point and brought the team a victory for the first time in six games, but soon after
In the Kawasaki Frontale War Urawa Reds game
The team has not been able to step on it and has suffered two consecutive losses
The Yamazaki Nabisco Cup, which aimed to advance to the first final tournament, will play two games
While winning 1 to 0 against San Frecce Hiroshima
We drew with 0 to 0 in Vanforet Kofu
Total score 2 wins 2 splits 2
Losing 8 points and losing to the first league was decided
Rookie midfielder at 18 years of age in such a painful battle or the first player still
It was shining in mvp in the month of May
Yes
Matches to a team, including a tie-off goal in Masa Matsumoto fc battle and a final assist in Nagoya Grampus
I am listening to the story that brought about a big change, so please take a look
Thank you ballet will be
More than half were focused on goals and assists of porter Koa in the paralyzed morning
Seki only that day but do you was really happy because in that the point
I think that I should be able to do something with me because a relationship with Pooh has put in a proposal rather than that
I will
Once again it was the club's youngest goal, gathered and looking back on the first goal
Is it
Nde game of Tteyuu Once in Do not likely out had been practicing tram while thinking much
It is a great pleasure to have a solid result there
It was decided the expenditure to the player who was able to get the last even in the Nagoya game that follows
There any feelings but there was a similar scene in Mom friend game because enjoy
I put out a pass
Until then, the bird cage has been outside
In the Play and Museum
Took out thought the kana Doll not you When you put in while appearance
Beginning everyone the players they are after the goal has been determined
Went running in what Fu, such feelings but I think that went over
I'm very happy that I have never had a mountain experience, so I jumped to the top for the time being.
I thought when I was there
I was jumping on, and that the 1st stage and nursing politics continue but future aspirations
please
First of all as a team
Firmly buy the next game first
I lost my first championship but it was a solid second
I went to the aim of winning and even got an early start at the age of 1
It was drunk to be able to contribute to the team at the award Toka assist more than now
Please give a message to the supporters.
Tightly
I work hard to win the team with my goals and assists so I fight together
Let's go
Thank you for four
I want to look forward to the future of players still fun
Please tell me the highlight of June last
Yes
There are three league games, including the game of Vegalta Sendai, which has already ended in June
In the match against Vegalta Sendai at the enemy ground held on the 7th, the defense broke down in the second half, resulting in 5 runs
Defeated in the 3rd straight defeat against Deeg
Who only
6 fc Tokyo match is likely to be a very important match
Japan's national team has been decided to transfer to Germany's powerhouse Mainz
Forward Yoshiki Muto players and talents are abundant and toss goalkeeper
It is likely to be the key because you can show strong defense centered on Akihiro Hayashi
Sanfretce Hiroshima in the first stage final snow on the 27th
Forward to Hiroshima opponent hard defense, which will celebrate the Beasuta of flavor
Let's pay attention to whether the attacking team centered on Yohei Toyoda can break the defensive wall
The first two stages of the first stage will not be defeated in order to get into the top
Yes I cut off the bad flow with a series of wins
I want you to give momentum to the second stage.
Let's hope the players of inspiring Thank you iris's
Thank you very much